=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 rejmerge - merge files that were rejected during package upgrades

rejmerge is a package management utility that helps you to merge files
that were rejected during package upgrades.

This rejmerge distribution is a fork of CRUX' rejmerge utility (which
is part of CRUX' pkgutils distribution) as of commit 9ca0da6 (Sat Nov
17 2018).  It was rewritten in POSIX
L<sh(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sh> and added support of the
L<suckless' sbase|https://git.suckless.org/sbase/> utilities.  The man
page have been rewritten in POD (Plain Old Documentation) and split
into two man pages:
L<rejmerge(8)|https://zeppe-lin.github.io/rejmerge.8.html> and
L<rejmerge.conf(5)|https://zeppe-lin.github.io/rejmerge.conf.5.html>.
Added bash completion.

The original sources can be downloaded from:

=over

=item git

  git clone git://crux.nu/tools/pkgutils.git
  git checkout 9ca0da6

=item web

  https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/pkgutils.git;a=summary

=back

=head2 Dependencies

=head3 Build time

=over

=item

L<make(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/make>,
L<sh(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sh>,
and standard POSIX utilities like
L<sed(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sed>,
L<mkdir(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/mkdir>,
L<cp(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/cp>,
L<cd(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/cd>,
L<rm(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/rm>,
L<chmod(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/chmod>

=item *

L<pod2man(1pm)|https://www.mankier.com/1/pod2man> from perl
distribution

=back

=head3 Runtime

=over
 
=item *
 
L<sh(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sh>,
L<awk(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/awk>,
and standard POSIX utilities
 
=item *
 
sbase or coreutils
 
=item *
 
diffutils

=back

=head3 Tests

Tests require B<Build time> dependencies and the following:

=over

=item * L<podchecker(1pm)|https://www.mankier.com/1/podchecker>

Check POD for errors.

=item * L<httpx(1)|https://github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx>

Check for broken URLs.

=back

=head2 Install

The shell commands C<make; make install> should build and install this
package.  See F<Makefile> for configuration parameters.

The shell commands C<make; make check> should build and start some
tests.  See F<Makefile> for more information.

=head2 License and Copyright

rejmerge is licensed through the GNU General Public License v2 or
later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
Read the COPYING file for copying conditions.
Read the COPYRIGHT file for copyright notices.

=cut

# vim:sw=2:ts=2:sts=2:et:cc=72:tw=70
# End of file.
