# rejmerge.conf(5) manual page
# See COPYING and COPYRIGHT files for corresponding information.

=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

rejmerge.conf - configuration file for rejmerge

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B</etc/rejmerge.conf>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page describes the format of the F<rejmerge.conf> file.
This file can be used to alter the way L<rejmerge(8)> displays file
differences and performs file merges.  Changing the default behaviour
is done by re-defining the shell functions I<rejmerge_diff>,
I<rejmerge_merge> and shell variables I<EDITOR>, I<PAGER>.

=head2 I<rejmerge_diff>

This function is executed once for each rejected file.  Arguments
I<$1> and I<$2> contains the path to a temporary file where this
function should write its result.  The contents of the temporary file
will later be presented to the user as the difference between the two
files.

=head2 I<rejmerge_merge>

This function is executed when the user chooses to merge two files.
Argument I<$1> and I<$2> contains the paths to the installed and
rejected files.  Argument I<$3> contains the path to a temporary file
where this function should write its result.  The contents of the
temporary file will later be presented to the user as the merge result.

This function also has the option to set the variable
I<REJMERGE_MERGE_INFO>.  The contents of this variable will be
displayed as informational text after a merge has been performed.  Its
purpose is to provide information about the merge, e.g.
"5 merge conflicts found".

=head2 I<EDITOR>

This variable defines the editor used in B<merge> (C<rejmerge_merge>)
operation.

F</bin/vi> if unset.

=head2 I<PAGER>

This variable defines the pager used in B<diff> (C<rejmerge_diff>) and
B<merge> (C<rejmerge_merge>) operations.

F</bin/more> if unset.

=head1 EXAMPLES

The following configuration file reproduces the defaults: installing
it is equivalent to not having a F</etc/rejmerge.conf> file at all.

	#
	# /etc/rejmerge.conf: rejmerge(8) configuration
	#
	# See rejmerge.conf(5) for more information.
	#

	EDITOR=/bin/vi
	PAGER=/bin/more

	# End of file.

If you want to produce side-by-side output for diffs, add the
following line to your configuration file:

	rejmerge_diff() { diff -y $1 $2 > $3 ; }

If you want to produce unified and colorized output:

	rejmerge_diff() { diff -u --color=always $1 $2 > $3 ; }

If you want to use L<sdiff(1)> to merge files instead of the default
L<diff(1)>:

	rejmerge_merge() { sdiff -o $3 $1 $2 ; }

Use L<vim(1)> as editor instead of the default L<vi(1)>, unless
C<EDITOR> was not set from command-line, like: C<EDITOR=emacs
rejmerge>:

	EDITOR="${EDITOR:-/usr/bin/vim}"

Use L<less(1)> as pager instead of the default L<more(1)>, unless
C<PAGER> was not set from command-line.  C<-R> option is required if diffs
above produces raw control chars:

	PAGER="${PAGER:-/usr/bin/less -R}"

=head1 FILES

=over 8

=item F</etc/rejmerge.conf>

Configuration file for L<rejmerge(8)>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<rejmerge(8)>

=cut

# vim: cc=72 tw=70
# End of file.
